#summary Before you hit that New Issue button ...

== I have a question ... ==

*1. Check the FAQ*: There are over 100 answers to common !BigBlueButton questions in our [FAQ Frequently Asked Questions].

*2. Search the mailing lists*: There are three mailing lists that you can search for answers. 

    * [http://groups.google.com/group/bigbluebutton-users/topics?gvc=2 BigBlueButton-users] - Usability questions ("How do I enable full-screen mode?")
    * [http://groups.google.com/group/bigbluebutton-setup/topics?gvc=2 BigBlueButton-setup] - Setup questions ("How do I setup my !BigBlueButton server behind a firewall?")
    * [http://groups.google.com/group/bigbluebutton-dev/topics?gvc=2 BigBlueButton-dev] - Development questions ("How do I use the API create method?")

*3. Post your question:* If your search doesn't find an answer, please join the respective list and post your question.   In particular, if you have a problem installing !BigBlueButton, please post to [http://groups.google.com/group/bigbluebutton-setup/topics?gvc=2 BigBlueButton-setup].  

== I think I've found a bug ... ==

If you've found a bug (or would like to make an enhancement request), we'd like to hear about it.

To reduce the duplication of submissions, we ask you take a few moments and go through the steps below.  

*1. Search the Issues database*:   [https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/issues Search the complete issue database] to see if someone has already reported the defect or made the enhancement request.  If you find a match, add your comments to the issue (don't create a new one!) and feel fee to vote (star the issue) for its resolution.

*2.  Post to bigbluebutton-dev:* If you are not a !BigBlueButton developer, we ask that you first post to [http://groups.google.com/group/bigbluebutton-dev BigBlueButton-developers] mailing list.  

 * *For a defect post:* Please provide the host operating system, the version of the browser, the version of !BigBlueButton (the build number is visible in the lower left-hand corner), the steps you have followed, the changes you have made, and the output of `sudo bbb-conf --check` if it's a server issue.

 * *For an enhancement request post:* Let us know how we can make !BigBlueButton better. Give us a use case or user story.  Well thought out requests will get more attention and usually create a spirited discussion. 

There are over 1000 members of bigbluebutton-dev, and all of the core developers monitor the list daily (sometimes hourly!).  When you post you'll get a quick response which will lead to either (a) resolution, (b) a request for you open a new issue, or (c) we'll go ahead and open one for you.

When creating a new issue, please add a url to the original discussion in bigbluebutton-dev.

Go to [https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/issues BigBlueButton Issues List]

Labels: [https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/labels/Stability Stability] - [https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/labels/Usability Usability] - [https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/labels/Performance Performance] - [https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/labels/Localization Localization] - [https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/labels/Type-Research Research]